[No QA] [NO QA] Update Search-and-Download-Expenses.md (#98462)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/reports-and-expenses/Search-and-Download-Expenses.md

   - **Current view** – A CSV that matches the columns currently shown on the page. Set the columns using **Display** > **Edit columns**. Not available when a **Group by** filter is applied.
   - **Custom Templates** – Any template created by you or your Workspace Admin (if available).

> After choosing a template, **Basic Export** and **Export current view** download immediately when exporting selected reports or using **Select all on this page**. If **Select all** is used to export all matching reports, or if **All Data** or a **custom export template** is selected, Expensify prepares the export in the background. Wait for the file to download automatically when it's ready, or select **Send me the file when it's ready** to have Concierge deliver it instead. Selecting this option allows the export window to be closed while the file is generated. Once the export is ready, Expensify sends it through Concierge and by email. If the export cannot be generated, Expensify displays an error in the export window or sends the error through Concierge if **Send me the file when it's ready** was selected.

Reviewer: I agree with the codex review. Also, I am making some suggested edits for clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Basic Export** and **Current view** download immediately when exporting individual selected reports or when using **Select all on this page**. If you choose one of the **All Data** exports, a custom export template, or use **Select all** to match every report, then the export is prepared in the background. You can wait for the file to download automatically, or select **Send me the file when it's ready** to have Concierge deliver it instead. Selecting this option allows the export window to be closed while the file is generated. Once the export is ready, Expensify sends it through Concierge and by email. If the export cannot be generated, Expensify displays an error in the export window or sends the error through Concierge if **Send me the file when it’s ready** was selected.
```

5. Tap **Selected**, then choose **Export**.
6. Choose a default or custom export template as described above.

> After choosing a template, **Basic Export** and **Export current view** download immediately when exporting selected reports or using **Select all on this page**. If **Select all** is used to export all matching reports, or if **All Data** or a **custom export template** is selected, a status window appears while the file is prepared. When it's ready, the file downloads automatically. If it doesn't, tap **Download file**. You can also tap **Send me the file when it's ready** to have Concierge send the file through chat and by email instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Basic Export** and **Current view** download immediately when exporting individual selected reports or when using **Select all on this page**. If you choose one of the **All Data** exports, a custom export template, or when using **Select all** to match every report, then a status window appears while the file is being prepared. When it's ready, the file downloads automatically. If it doesn't, tap **Download file**. You can also tap **Send me the file when it's ready** to have Concierge send the file through chat and by email instead.
```

## How do I receive my export?

> **Basic Export** and **Export current view** download directly to the device when exporting selected reports or using **Select all on this page**. If **Select all** is used to export all matching reports, or if **All Data** or a **custom export template** is selected, Expensify prepares the export in the background. Once the export is ready, the file downloads automatically or, if **Send me the file when it's ready** was selected, is delivered through Concierge and by email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Basic Export** and **Current view** download directly to the device when exporting selected reports or using **Select all on this page**. Choosing **All Data**, a custom export template, or using **Select all** to match every report instead prepares the export in the background. Once ready, the file downloads automatically, or, if you selected **Send me the file when it's ready**, it's delivered through Concierge and by email instead.
```
